IV. Adjunct Islands

Island Embedded

	What do you frown if you forget at the office?
	What do you laugh if you buy at the auction?
	What do you worry if you leave in the car? 
	What do you blush if you submit to the art contest?
	What do you sneeze if you leave open at night?
	What do you notice if you turn on at night?
	What do you object if you write on the blackboard?
	What do you complain if you keep in your office?

Non-Island |	Who thinks that you forgot a briefcase at the office?
Matrix	Who wishes that you bought a painting at the auction?
	Who suspects that you left the keys in the car?
	Who thinks that you will submit a drawing to the art contest?
	Who hopes that you will leave a window open at night?
	Who complains that you turn on the air conditioning at night?
	Who claims that you wrote the equation on the blackboard?
	Who proposes that you keep the copy paper in your office?

Non-Island |	What do you think that you forgot at the office?
Embedded	What do you wish that you bought at the auction?
	What do you suspect that you left in the car?
	What do you think that you will submit to the art contest?
	What do you hope that I will leave open at night?
	What do you complain that I turn on at night?
	What do you claim that you wrote on the blackboard?
	What do you propose that you keep in your office?

Island |	Who frowns if you forget a briefcase at the office?
Matrix	Who laughs if you buy a painting at the auction?
	Who worries if you leave the keys in the car?
	Who blushes if you submit a drawing to the art contest?
	Who sneezes if you leave a window open at night?
	Who notices if you turn the air conditioning on at night?
	Who objects if you write the equation on the blackboard?
	Who complains if you keep the copy paper in your office?








I. Whether Islands

Non-island |	Who thinks that you like hockey?
Matrix	Who thinks that you wrote the letter?
	Who thinks that you bought the house?
	Who thinks that you ate the salad?
	Who thinks that you read the book?
	Who thinks that you saw the movie?
	Who thinks that you started the rumor?
	Who thinks that you baked the cake?

Non-island |	What do you think that you like?
Embedded	What do you think that you wrote?
	What do you think that you bought?
	What do you think that you ate?
	What do you think that you read?
	What do you think that you saw?
	What do you think that you started?
	What do you think that you baked?

Island |	Who wonders whether you like hockey?
Matrix	Who wonders whether you wrote the letter?
	Who wonders whether you bought the house?
	Who wonders whether you ate the salad?
	Who wonders whether you read the book?
	Who wonders whether you saw the movie?
	Who wonders whether you started the rumor?
	Who wonders whether you baked the cake?

Island |	What do you wonder whether you like?
Embedded	What do you wonder whether you wrote?
	What do you wonder whether you bought?
	What do you wonder whether you ate?
	What do you wonder whether you read?
	What do you wonder whether you saw?
	What do you wonder whether you started?
	What do you wonder whether you baked?


II. Complex NP Islands

Non-Island |	Who suggested that you play golf?
Matrix	Who predicted that you would finish your homework?
	Who heard that you won the award? 
	Who denied that you could afford the house?
	Who stated that you owned the car?
	Who claimed that you saw the bear?
	Who doubted that you could find the clue?
	Who heard that I sold my house?

Non-Island |	What did you suggest that I play?
Embedded	What did you predict that you would finish?
	What did you hear that you won?
	What did you deny that you could afford?
	What did you state that you owned?
	What did you claim that you saw?
	What did you doubt that you could find?
	What did you hear that I sold?

Island |	Who made the suggestion that you play golf?
Matrix	Who doubted the prediction that you would finish your homework?
	Who heard the rumor that you won the the award?
	Who denied the fact that you could afford the house?
	Who verified the statement that you owned the car?
	Who made the claim that you saw the bear?
	Who doubted the possibility that you could find the clue?
	Who heard the rumor that I sold my house?

Island |	What did you make the suggestion that I play?
Embedded	What did you doubt the prediction that you would finish?
	What did you hear the rumor that you won?
	What did you deny the fact that you could afford?
	What did you verify the statement that you owned?
	What did you make the claim that you saw?
	What did you doubt the possibility that you could find?
	What did you hear the rumor that I sold?

III. Subject Islands

Simple NP |	What do you think the gift prompted?
Object	What do you think the speech interrupted?
	What do you think the meeting delayed?
	What do you think the documentary preceded?
	What do you think the email criticized?
	What do you think the picture accompanied?
	What do you think the flyer promoted?
	What do you think the verdict started?

Simple NP |	What do you think prompted the hearing?
Subject	What do you think interrupted the TV show?
	What do you think delayed the fundraiser?
	What do you think preceded the movie?
	What do you think criticized the joke?
	What do you think accompanied the invitation?
	What do you think promoted the play?
	What do you think started the debate?

Complex NP|	What do you think the gift from the lobbyist prompted the hearing about?  
Object	What do you think the speech by the president interrupted the TV show about?
	What do you think the meeting with the millionaire delayed the fundraiser for?
	What do you think the documentary by the famous historian preceded the movie about?
	What do you think the email from the priest criticized the joke about?
	What do you think the picture of the bride accompanied the invitation to?
	What do you think the flyer from the actress promoted the play about?
	What do you think the verdict from the judge started the debate about?

Complex NP|	Who do you think the gift from prompted the hearing about congressional ethics? 
Subject	Who do you think the speech by interrupted the TV show about whales?
	Who do you think the meeting with delayed the fundraiser for the candidate?
	Who do you think the documentary by preceded the movie about gangsters?
	Who do you think the email from criticized the joke about religion?
	Who do you think the picture of accompanied the invitation to the wedding?
	Who do you think the flyer from promoted the play about the Great Depression?
	Who do you think the verdict from started the debate about civil rights?




