John was kissed John.
He gave a book Mary.
The game was played shoeless.
John intended to give the children something nice to eat, and give the children he did a generous handful of candy.
The article angered Bill at the government.
Sarah convinced Bill to have gone to the party.
Cat and dog that were fighting all the time had to be separated.
The dog that I saw's collar was leather.
Steve intended to give the parents something special to commemorate graduation, and give the parents a large plaque he did. 
There has been a man considered sick.
How many books there were on the table?
Who do you wonder which picture of is on sale?
There seems a man to be in the garden.
I told Mr. Smith that I wonder when to paint the fence together.
All the men seem to have all eaten supper.
Max talked to a man as tall as his father.
It appears that a certain senator will resign, but which senator is still a secret.
Read things, Mike did quickly.
Toby said to Sally to take care of herself.
Amanda went to Santa Cruz, and Bill thinks that Claire did too.
Ralph is more tall than fit.
It seems to him that Kim solved the problem.
It seems a man to be in the room.
They slept an hour and then went to work.
John tried to win.
This is a pen.
Each other like Wallace and Greg.
This is table.
John wants for everyone you do to have fun.
Who did you believe a friend of satisfied?
It is unimaginable Mary to arrive on time.
Sue asked what who bought.
I called the client who the secretary worries if the lawyer insults.
I sympathize with the parents who the reverand sighs if the bride and groom neglect to thank.
I talked to the famous actor who the news reporter coughs if the tourists photograph.
I met the famous artist who the parents blush if the child prodigy imitates.
I served the child who the other customer winks if the young couple play with at the restaurant.
I spoke with the college president who the professor faints if the students publicly criticize.
I interviewed the executive who the employee laughs if the office manager blackmails.
I emailed the congressman who the teacher smiles if her students write letters to. 
I called the secretary who worries if the lawyer insults the client.
I sympathize with the reverand who sighs if the bride and groom neglect to thank their parents.
I talked to the news reporter who coughs if the tourists photograph the famous actor.
I met the parents that blush if the child prodigy imitates the famous artist.
I served the customer who winks if the young couple play with their child at the restaurant.
I spoke with the professor who faints if the students publicly criticize the college president.
I interviewed the employee who laughs if the office manager blackmails an executive.
I emailed the teacher who smiles if her students write letters to their congressman.
I called the client who the secretary thought that the lawyer insulted.
I sympathize with the parents who the reverand believes that the bride and groom neglected to thank.
I talked to the famous actor who the news reporter claims that the tourists photographed.
I met the famous artist who the parents thought that the child prodigy imitated.
I served the child who the other customer believed that the young couple played with at the restaurant.
I spoke with the college president who the professor claims that the students publicly criticized.
I interviewed the executive who the employee thought that the office manager was blackmailing.
I emailed the congressman who the teacher said that her students were writing letters to. 
I called the secretary who thought that the lawyer insulted the client.
I sympathize with the reverand who believes that the bride and groom neglected to thank their parents.
I talked to the news reporter who claims that the tourists photographed the famous actor.
I met the parents who thought that the child prodigy imitated the famous artist.
I served the customer who believes that the young couple played with their child at the restaurant.
I spoke with the professor who claims that the students publicly criticized the college president.
I interviewed the employee who thought that the office manager was blackmailing an executive.
I emailed the teacher who said that her students were writing letters to their congressman.
I know the boat captain who the fisherman heard the rumor that Laura is dating.
I trust the waiter who the chef made the suggestion that Rebecca should hire.
I agree with the principal who the teacher made the recommendation that Stan should talk to.
I believe the customer who the employee made the claim that Amy insulted.
I spoke to the criminal who the detective heard the rumor that Lilly could identify.
I trust the stock broker who the accountant made the suggestion that Ralph should contact.
I like the new doctor who the nurse made the recommendation that Susan should see.
I called teammate who the coach made the claim that Dennis pushed.
I know the fisherman who heard the rumor that Laura is dating the boat captain.	
I trust the chef who made the suggestion that Rebecca should hire a new waiter.	
I agree with the teacher who made the recommendation that Stan should talk to the principal.	
I believe the employee who made the claim that Amy insulted the customer.	
I spoke to the detective who heard the rumor that Lilly could identify the criminal.	
I trust the accountant who made the suggestion that Ralph should contact a stock broker.	
I like the nurse who made the recommendation that Susan should see a new doctor.	
I called the coach who made the claim that Dennis pushed his teammate.	
I know the boat captain who the fisherman heard that Laura is dating.	
I trust the waiter who the chef suggested that Rebecca should hire.	
I agree with the principal who the teacher recommended that Stan should talk to.	
I believe the customer who the employee claimed that Amy insulted.	
I spoke to the criminal who the detective heard that Lilly could identify.	
I trust the stock broker who the accountant suggested that Ralph should contact.	
I like the new doctor who the nurse recommended that Susan should see.	
I called teammate who the coach claimed that Dennis pushed.	
I know the fisherman who heard that Laura is dating the boat captain.
I trust the chef who suggested that Rebecca should hire a new waiter.
I agree with the teacher who recommended that Stan should talk to the principal.
I believe the employee who claimed that Amy insulted the customer.
I spoke to the detective who heard that Lilly could identify the criminal.
I trust the accountant who suggested that Ralph should contact a stock broker.
I like the nurse who recommended that Susan should see a new doctor.
I called the coach who claimed that Dennis pushed his teammate.
I voted for the congressman who you think the gift from prompted the rumor about bribery.
I met the local hero who you think the speech by interrupted the news report about the president.
I called the candidate who you think the meeting with delayed the fundraiser for the campaign.
I interviewed the soldier who you think the movie about inspired the new book about the terrorist.
I spoke with the priest who you think the email from criticized the joke about the Pope.
I respect the musician who you think the picture of accompanied the magazine article about orphans.
I admire the peace activist who you think the flyer from promoted the new play about refugees.
I spoke to the author who you think the new book about caused the complaints about violent stories.
I voted for the congressman who you think the gift from the lobbyist prompted the rumor about.	
I met the local hero who you think the speech by the president interrupted the news report about.	
I called the candidate who you think the meeting with the millionaire delayed the fundraiser for.	
I interviewed the soldier who you think the movie about the terrorist inspired the new book about.	
I researched the Pope who you think the email from the priest criticized the joke about.	
I respect the musician who you think the picture of orphans accompanied the magazine article about.	
I admire the peace activist who you think the flyer from the director promoted the new play about.	
I spoke to the author who you think the new book about vampires caused the complaints about.	
I voted for the congressman who you think offended the lobbyist.
I met the local hero who you think praised the president.
I called the candidate who you think supported the millionaire.
I interviewed the soldier who you think captured the terrorist.
I researched the Pope who you think criticized the priest.
I respect the musician who you think cares about orphans.
I admire the director who you think developed the new play.
I spoke to the author who you think complained about the censors.
I voted for the congressman who you think the lobbyist offended.	
I met the local hero who you think the president praised.	
I called the candidate who you think the millionaire supported.	
I interviewed the soldier who you think the terrorist captured.	
I researched the Pope who you think the priest criticized.	
I respect the musician who you think the orphans can rely on.	
I admire the director who you think the new playhouse hired.	
I spoke to the author who you think the censors complained about.	
I take classes with the struggling student who the professor wonders when Paul will tutor.
I respect the general who the soldier wonders how Matt will impress.
I dislike the home owner who the real estate agent wonders where Caroline will confront.
I like the talented actor who the director wonders why Tom should hire.
I called the principal who the teacher wonders when Christine will apologize to.
I negotiated with the famous band who the agent wonders where Alan will perform with.
I share a locker with the quarterback who the cheerleader wonders why Jessica kissed.
I spoke with the chef who the waiter wonders why Rachel should talk to.
I take classes with the professor who wonders when Paul will tutor the struggling student. 
I respect the soldier who wonders how Matt will impress the general.
I dislike the real estate agent who wonders where Caroline will confront the home owner.
I like the director who wonders why Tom should hire the talented actor.
I called the teacher who wonders when Christine will apologize to the principal.
I negotiated with the agent who wonders where Alan will perform with the famous band.
I share a locker with the cheerleader who wonders why Jessica kissed the quarterback.
I spoke with the waiter who wonders why Rachel should talk to the chef.
I take classes with the struggling student who the professor thinks that Paul will tutor.
I respect the general who the soldier thinks that Matt will impress.
I dislike the home owner who the real estate agent thinks that Caroline will confront.
I like the talented actor who the director thinks that Tom should hire.
I called the principal who the teacher thinks that Christine will apologize to.
I negotiated with the famous band who the agent thinks that Alan will perform with.
I share a locker with the quarterback who the cheerleader thinks that Jessica kissed.
I spoke with the chef who the waiter thinks that Rachel should talk to.
I take classes with the professor who thinks that Paul will tutor the struggling student. 
I respect the soldier who thinks that Matt will impress the general.
I dislike the real estate agent who thinks that Caroline will confront the home owner.
I like the director who thinks that Tom should hire the talented actor.
I called the teacher who thinks that Christine will apologize to the principal.
I negotiated with the agent who thinks that Alan will perform with the famous band.
I share a locker with the cheerleader who thinks that Jessica kissed the quarterback.
I spoke with the waiter who thinks that Rachel should talk to the chef.
Which file does the secretary worry if the lawyer forgets at the office?	
Which paintind does the art dealer laugh if the heiress buys at the auction?	
Which note does the guest sigh if the bride and groom neglect to send promptly?	
Which drawing does the teacher blush if the child prodigy submits to the art contest?	
Which window does the roommate sneeze if the dog owner leaves open at night?	
Which painting does the museum employee cough if the tourists photograph in the exhibit?	
Which snack does the usher wink if the sweethearts share at the movies?	
Which lines does the director faint if the actors forget on stage?	
Which secretary worries if the lawyer forgets the file at the office?
Which art dealer laughs if the heiress buys a painting at the auction?
Which guest sighs if the bride and groom neglect to send a thank you note promptly?
Which teacher blushes if the child prodigy submits a drawing to the art contest?
Which roommate sneezes if the dog owner leaves a window open at night?
Which museum employee coughs if the visitors photograph the priceless painting in the exhibit?
Which usher winks if the sweethearts share popcorn at the movies?
Which director faints if the actors forget their lines on stage?
Which file does the secretary think that the lawyer forgot at the office?
Which painting does the art dealer wish that the heiress bought at the auction?
Whiich note does the guest suspect that the bride and groom neglected to send promptly?
Which drawing does the teacher think that the child prodigy will submit to the art contest?
Which window does the roommate hope that the dog owner will leave open at night?
Which painting does the museum employee complain that the visitors photograph in the exhibit?
Which snack does the usher claim that the sweethearts share at the movies?
Which lines does the director believe that the actors will forget on stage?
Which secretary thinks that the lawyer forgot the file at the office?
Which art dealer wishes that the heiress bought a painting at the auction?
Which guest suspects that the bride and groom neglected to send a thank you note promptly?
Which teacher thinks that the child prodigy will submit a drawing to the art contest?
Which roommate hopes that the dog owner will leave a window open at night?
Which museum employee complains that the visitors photograph the priceless painting in the exhibit?
Which usher claims that the sweethearts share popcorn at the movies?
Which director believes that the actors will forget their lines on stage?
Which pie did the chef hear the rumor that Jeff baked?
Which cookie did the parent deny the fact that Laura ate?
Which match did the referee make the announcement that Andrew won?
Which game did the coach make the announcement that Jane lost?
Which pizza did the witness make the claim that Amy stole?
Which award did the finalist hear the rumor that Ralph received?
Which car did the salesman deny the fact that Jared could afford?
Which club did the teacher make the claim that Elizabeth joined?
Which chef heard the rumor that Jeff baked a pie?
Which parent denied the fact that Laura ate the cookie?
Which referee made the announcement that Andrew won the match?
Which coach made the announcement that Jane lost the game?
Which witness made the claim that Amy stole the pizza?
Which finalist heard the rumor that Ralph received the award?
Which salesman denied the fact that Jared could afford the car?
Which teacher made the claim that Elizabeth joined the club?
Which pie did the chef hear that Jeff baked?	
Which cookie did the parent deny that Laura ate? 	
Which match did the referee announce that Andrew won?	
Which game did the coach announce that Jane lost?	
Which pizza did the witness claim that Amy stole?	
Which award did the finalist hear that Ralph received?	
Which car did the salesman deny that Jared could afford?	
Which club did the teacher claim that Elizabeth joined?	
Which chef heard that Jeff baked a pie?
Which parent denied that Laura ate the cookie?
Which referee announced that Andrew won the match?
Which coach announced that Jane lost the game?
Which witness claimed that Amy stole the pizza?
Which finalist heard that Ralph received the award?
Which salesman denied that Jared could afford the car?
Which teacher claimed that Elizabeth joined the club?
Which lobbyist do you think the gift from prompted the rumor about the senator? 	
Which president do you think the speech by interrupted the news report about the mayor?	
Which businees leader do you think the meeting with delayed the fundraiser for the candidate?	
Which actor do you think the documentary about inspired the song by Adele?	
Which priest do you think the email from criticized the joke about the Pope?	
Which band do you think the picture of accompanied the magazine article about Avril Lavigne?	
Which actress do you think the flyer from promoted the play about Abraham Lincoln?	
Which critic do you think the review by praised the book about Martin Luther King Jr?	
Which senator do you think the gift from the lobbyist prompted the rumor about?  
Which mayor do you think the speech by the president interrupted the news report about?
Which candidate do you think the meeting with the millionaire delayed the fundraiser for?
Which musician do you think the documentary about the famous actor inspired the new song by?
Which religious leader do you think the email from the priest criticized the joke about?
Which band do you think the picture of Chad Krueger accompanied the magazine article about?
Which president do you think the flyer from the actress promoted the play about?
Which activist do you think the review by the critic praised the book about?
Which gift do you think prompted the rumor?
Which speech do you think interrupted the news report?
Which meeting do you think delayed the fundraiser?
Which documentary do you think inspired the new song?
Which email do you think criticized the joke?
Which picture do you think accompanied the article?
Which flyer do you think promoted the play?
Which verdict do you think started the debate?
Which rumor do you think the gift prompted?
Which news report do you think the speech interrupted?
Which fundraiser do you think the meeting delayed?
Which song do you think the documentary inspired?
Which joke do you think the email criticized?
Which article do you think the picture accompanied?
Which play do you think the flyer promoted?
Which debate do you think the verdict started?
Which necklace does the detective wonder whether Paul stole?
Which bus does the police officer wonder whether Matt chased?
Which television does the manager wonder whether Tom sold?
Which letter does the soldier wonder whether Stacey wrote?
Which house does the agent wonder whether Aaron bought?
Which book does the teacher wonder whether George read?
Which movie does the girl wonder whether Heather saw?
Which cake does the guest wonder whether Casey baked?
Which detective wonders whether Paul stole the necklace?	
Which police officer wonders whether Matt chased the bus?	
Which manager wonders whether Tom sold the television?	
Which soldier wonders whether Stacey wrote the letter?	
Which agent wonders whether Aaron bought the house?	
Which teacher wonders whether George read the book?	
Which girl wonders whether Heather saw the movie?	
Which guest wonders whether Casey baked the cake?	
Which necklace does the detective think that Paul stole?
Which bus does the police officer think that Matt chased?
Which television does the manager think that Tom sold?
Which letter does the soldier think that Stacey wrote?
Which house does the agent think that Aaron bought?
Which book does the teacher think that George read?
Which movie does the girl think that Heather saw?
Which cake does the guest think that Casey baked?
Which detective thinks that Paul stole the necklace?
Which police officer thinks that Matt chased the bus?
Which manager thinks that Tom sold the television?
Which soldier thinks that Stacey wrote the letter?
Which agent thinks that Aaron bought the house?
Which teacher thinks that George read the book?
Which girl thinks that Heather saw the movie?
Which guest thinks that Casey baked the cake?